[Manual Recovery] Propagate packFormationParameters to planning (#34)
mujin/mujinplanningclientpy: CHANGELOG.md

- Add master functions TerminateSlaves, CancelSlaves, Quit

## 0.3.2 (2024-03-11)

### Changes

> - When doing manual picking, propagate packFormationParameters to planning (instead of dynamicGoalGeneratorParameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BREAKING] `ManuallyPlacePackItem` now takes the input argument `packFormationParameters` instead of `dynamicGoalGeneratorParameters`
```
